parse_cef function to handle empty spaces (#1430)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1430.fix.md

> Enhance the CEF parser (parse_cef) to better trim unnecessary whitespace around escaped values in both headers and extension fields, improving accuracy and reliability when dealing with messy input strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `parse_cef` now trims unnecessary whitespace around escaped values in both headers and extension fields, improving accuracy and reliability when dealing with messy input strings.
```
